# High level meeting notes
* Preferred method of contact - Google Hangouts
* Preferred meeting time - 7 PM EST

## Next Scheduled meeting
**2/29/2017 at 9 PM EST**

### Meeting 1 (2/16/2017)
Introduced ourselves and experience. Discussed individual and team design for group project delivery. Jjung327 edited his individual design to make the team design. Acain33 developed and compiled markdown. Dwang383 and Eredmond6 gave inputs and made edits to help with the design and document. Acain33 project manager for first submit, but will rotate members to help fit personal schedules.

### Meeting 2 (2/21/2017)
Decided that each of the documents should be mainly authored by 1 person and finished Thursday. After each document is finished all the other team members will add additional information/edit the document to help create a cohesive feel. Acain33 picked the TestPlan. Eredmond6 took the ProjectPlan. Dwang383 took the UseCaseModel and ExtraRequirements. Jjung327 was left with the DesignDocument. Acain33 project manager for second submit.

### Meeting 3 (2/27/2017)
Use OrmLite for database access. Acain33 work on document updates/creation. Dwang383 work on manager class functions. Eredmund6 work on player/tournament functions. Jjung327 work on front end with all the android graphical files. Meet again on Wednesday to start initial integration or help parts that need additional work. Andrew is project manager for Delivery 3.

### Meeting 4 (3/1/2017)
Continue code debugging. Use Jjung327 code as base as the ormlite package base is having issues on the VM set up.

### Meeting 5 (3/8/2017)
Eredmund6 and Dwang383 continue backend coding: Tournament/Match functionality and House Cut functionality. Jjung327 work to integrate backend into front end. Acain33 remove change deck requirement from docs to fit time schedule, update user manual with screen shots and run tests as app is updated.

### Meeting 6
Not occurred yet.

### Meeting 7
Not occurred yet.
